Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Team
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
jekyll
/
jekyll
43.1k9.5k
Code
Issues
95
Pull requests
67
Discussions
Actions
Projects
Wiki
Security
Insights
jekyll/lib/site_template/_posts/0000-00-00-welcome-to-jekyll.markdown.erb
@104fps
104fps Update docs about post creation (#7138)
…
Latest commit b2c6d03 on 15 Jul 2018
 History
 6 contributors
@parkr@XhmikosR@JoopAue@igas@hartmel@104fps
29 lines (22 sloc)  1.36 KB
  
---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date:   <%= Time.now.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S %z') %>
categories: jekyll update
---
You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
Loading complete
